[Load test iot simulator]Use variable group, align resource names with IaC, add readme (#113)
Azure-Samples/modern-data-warehouse-dataops: e2e_samples/temperature_events/LoadTesting/README.md

![azure_pipeline_setup](../../../docs/images/azure_pipeline_setup.png)

### <u>Variables</u>:
In the pipeline yaml, we would like to store some variables as secrets in keyvault. One of the approaches to access keyvault secrets in azure pipelines is to use a **Variable Group**. Go to Azure DevOps -> Pipelines -> Library: ![azure_pipeline_var_group](../../../docs/images/azure_pipeline_var_group.png)
Select your Azure subscription, keyvault, and select the following secrets that are created by terraform:

- *Ingest-namespace*: eventhub namespace of the entry eventhub. 
- *Ingest-name*: name of the entry eventhub. 
- *Ingest-conn*: connection string of the entry eventhub.
- *subscription-id*: subscription Id of the project.

 ![var_group_secrets](../../../docs/images/var_group_secrets.png)

> Then, you can use these keyvault secrets directly in pipeline by specifying the variable group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to use these keyvault secrets directly in the pipeline, as the variable group is defined in the `azure-pipeline.yml` file
```
